Authentication
Scaleability

Query to storage are free

As a Teacher
X I can login to the app and access features.


As a teacher, after logging in
/ I can see information about the content that i have created, so that i can gain an overview and access advanced features regarding content. 
/ I can assign content to students so that they can see it in thire homework / available content.
I can delete content
? I can edit the meta data about a content file (name, description, other?)

Student management
I can see all the students assigned to my courses
/ I can remove and assign students to a course/group
X I can assign content to an entire course/group of people

Profile information / practical
X I can see my own profile information
/ I can edit my profile information
? I can contact the service provider (VitaSim) or the organisational admin so that i can get help if anything should go wrong
? I can see the organisation that i am a part of so that i know who to contact about our subscription to the software.
logging in for the first time i get promted to change my password

Course / groups
X I can create and edit courses
X I can upload new content from external sources, if they have the right format, 
? I can preview 2D and 360* videos as a student would 
(Only 360 if the phone supports it)
I can make content public for everyone to see
I can browse public content and assign it to groups/students

As the organisation admin 
I can login to the app
As the organisation admin, after logging in 
I can see and change organisation information
I can create/delete/edit teacher users
I can create/delete/edit student users
I can import users from external fiels of a predefined format (maybe .csv?)
I can access VitaSim support information
I can add/remove/edit what VR hardware is available 

As a student
X I can login to the application so that i can get access to the app functionality
? I can see homework content and due date, so that i know when to finish it.
? I can read instructions on how to use the hardware.
? I can watch 2D demonstrations
? I can watch 360* video (if phone supports)
X I can browse public content and view it.
? I can book a VR headset for a time period
? I can see avaiable VR headsets
